Purpose: This test case is to capture and decode jogging with each of the apps.

Individual captures are performed for jog controls and single button presses in the app GUI. The jog directions are:
- Left
- Right
- Down
- Up
- DownLeft (Only with MeerK40t)
- DownRight (Only with MeerK40t)
- UpLeft (Only with MeerK40t)
- UpRight (Only with MeerK40t)
- Home
# Instructions
For each of the apps:
1. Turn the laser on, start the app and start a capture with the file name: 
   `tc-2025-10-09-1-<app>`
2. Set the jog distance to 10mm.
3. Press control buttons in the order show above.
4. Stop the capture and decode the file.


- [ ] MeerK40
- [ ] LightBurn (on Linux)
- [ ] RDWorks (on Windows)

Compare results to see what can be learned.

# Discoveries
## LightBurn and negative 35 bit integers
- [x] LB has a small bug!!! LB is not encoding 35 bit integers correctly. Instead, it apparently is encoding 32 bit numbers. This emits a warning about non-conformant integers. ✅ 2025-10-10
This is the encoding for a RAPID_MOVE_X to the left (negative) 10mm.
LB = `d900020f7f7f3170`
RDW = `d900027f7f7f3170`
MK = `d900027f7f7f3170`
**Because movement is correct with LB it indicates the controller thinks in terms of 32 bit numbers and discards top three bits.**

## LightBurn Non-conformant Data
- [x] LB is sending data with the top bit set which is causing the bytes to be interpreted as commands. The command d029 has been added and configured to skip 2 bytes. ✅ 2025-10-10

```
0285:000094:007:PRT:RDR:<--:Interval:0.001076S
0285:000094:008:PRT:raw:-->:
0.001075939	40200,50200	27	07cdda21020252998989898989898989898989

0285:000094:009:PRT:raw:-->:
d0298989d9100000000000000000000000
0285:000094:010:PRT:RDR:-->:SHK:001:Expecting ACK
0285:000094:011:INT:CRT:Datum 0xD0 is not a known command.
0285:000094:012:vrb:Exiting state: expect_command
0285:000094:013:vrb:Entering state: sync
0285:000095:001:INT:---:Next command...
0285:000095:002:vrb:Checksum: disabled
0285:000095:003:vrb:Forwarding 0x89 to state expect_command
0285:000095:004:vrb:Exiting state: sync
0285:000095:005:vrb:Entering state: expect_command
```

The problem starts with: `d0298989`
The 89 is the MOVE_ABS_XY command so 8989 does not make sense given what I currently know. The d910 does appear to be a valid RAPID_MOVE_XY command with 0,0 coordinates. How to deal with this? Add an ignore so the 89s won't be interpreted as commands?